= DESCRIPTION:
Recipe to install Cloud Servers VPC.

By default the application is automatically configured to run on port
80.  The recipe does NOT update or manage iptables rules to allow
traffic to the configured ports.

= REQUIREMENTS:
Servers VPC RPMs must be available via Yum. Supports RHEL 5 nodes w/ EPEL.

= ATTRIBUTES: 

cloud_servers_vpc[:rackspace_cloud_username]= Optional. If specified a /root/.rackspace_cloud config file is writting into the cloud server group that contains this username.

cloud_servers_vpc[:rackspace_cloud_api_key]= Optional. If specified a /root/.rackspace_cloud config file is writting into the cloud server group that contains this api key.

Optional attributes:

cloud_servers_vpc[:version]= version of the RPM to install

cloud_servers_vpc[:rackspace_cloud_server_name_prefix]= the prefix that will
be added to each cloud server that is created. Useful if you are
using a Rackspace Cloud Servers account for multiple purposes and you want
to quickly identify any servers created by Cloud Servers VPC via a prefix.
This options is also required to call the cloud-servers-vpc-cleanup script.

cloud_servers_vpc[:epel_base_url]= The base URL (http://<mirror_name) which
will be used as the EPEL Yum repository for RHEL/Centos images. EPEL
is used to obtain Openvpn packages.

= USAGE:

Example attributes in JSON:

    "cloud_servers_vpc": {
        "rackspace_cloud_username": "test1",
        "rackspace_cloud_api_key": "620ba3c2680ca1c26a0ca1c2",
        "epel_base_url": "http://mirror.rackspace.com"
    }

